Fixed #24522 -- Added a --shuffle option to DiscoverRunner. (#14137)
django/django: docs/ref/django-admin.txt

``False``, any unapplied migrations will also be applied to the test database
before running the test suite.

> .. django-admin-option:: --shuffle [SEED]

Reviewer: `versionadded` annotation is missing.

Shuffles the test case order prior to executing tests. This can help detect
tests that aren't properly isolated. When no seed is passed, a seed is generated

> randomly and printed to the console to permit reproducibility. :ref:`Grouping by

Reviewer: It's a bit laconic. Maybe we should add a few extra sentences:
```suggestion
randomly and printed to the console. Pass a seed if you want to run tests ...
```
